## Assignments:

Assignments include weekly informed participation; two presentations; and a final, integrative, exegetical project.

1. *Informed participation:* Half or more of each session will normally be of a seminar style, with discussions and activities, and even lectures will have an interactive component. Participation MUST reflect a careful engagement with the readings. "Informed participation" may include such activities as the professor introduces during sessions (e.g., work at Twitter assignments).
3. *Narrative Criticism Presentation:* Each student will offer one presentation on a selection from Rimmon-Kenan. See above for expectations about presentations.
2. *Form Criticism Presentation:* Each student will offer one presentation on a selection from Collins. Presenters will prepare a written handout, to be distributed to the instructor and classmates midnight the Friday before the date presenting. (If the A/V component embraces an organizing function, it may be distributed in place of a written handout.) Presenters should plan on 45 minutes of session time, of which no more than 20 minutes is a presentation delivered from a standing position with an A/V component, with the remaining time spent facilitating a planned discussion. MTS students should plan a presentation that could be delivered at a professional conference, with a thesis and an analytical perspective. See rubric.
4. *Integrative, exegetical project:* this may be a final paper, or in the form of "digital storytelling." Either way, the assignment will include a satisfactorily exegetical component, focused on some aspect of the meaning of a text for Daniel's author(s) and its original audience(s). It will also include a component that integrates the student's other theological course work into a compelling story of personal significance. Support for both choices will be available: descriptions, rubrics, and in-class support and clarification.